README.md, before:

# Modern React with Redux

I was developing web applications with Angular for the last couple years and with this repo I decided to refresh my knowledge with React and Redux.

## Seasons Project

Simple React project that covers components lifecycle methods. Seasons App is using browser geolocation to define the season (summer/winter) and implement some stylings to the page according to the selected season.

## Step to run Seasons project

1. `cd seasons`
2. `npm install`
3. `yarn start`
4. `open browser with  http://localhost:3000/`

## Pics Project

Simple React project that covers handeling user input with Forms and Events and making API Requests with React. Enter any word in the search filed and Unsplash API will return 10 images link to the entered keyword.
[Clik to see live demo](http://artprofi.react-unsplash-pics.surge.sh)

## Step to run Pics project

1. `cd pics`
2. `npm install`
3. `yarn start`
4. `open browser with  http://localhost:3000/`
5. Don't forget to create secret.js file in api folder and add your Unsplash API key in it.

## Youtube Videos Project

Simple React project that covers handeling user input with Forms and Events and making API Requests with React. Enter any word in the search filed and Youtube API will return 5 videos link to the entered keyword.

## Step to run Youtube Videos project

1. `cd videos`
2. `npm install`
3. `yarn start`
4. `open browser with  http://localhost:3000/`
5. Don't forget to create youtube.js file in api folder and add your Youtube API key in it.

Commit message:

songs-simple React and Redux project

README.md, after:

# Modern React with Redux

I was developing web applications with Angular for the last couple years and with this repo I decided to refresh my knowledge of React and Redux.

## Seasons Project

Simple React project that covers components lifecycle methods. Seasons App is using browser geolocation to define the season (summer/winter) and implement some stylings to the page according to the selected season.

## Step to run Seasons project

1. `cd seasons`
2. `npm install`
3. `yarn start`
4. `open browser with  http://localhost:3000/`

## Pics Project

Simple React project that covers handeling user input with Forms and Events and making API Requests with React. Enter any word in the search filed and Unsplash API will return 10 images link to the entered keyword.
[Clik to see live demo](http://artprofi.react-unsplash-pics.surge.sh)

## Step to run Pics project

1. `cd pics`
2. `npm install`
3. `yarn start`
4. `open browser with  http://localhost:3000/`
5. Don't forget to create secret.js file in api folder and add your Unsplash API key in it.

## Youtube Videos Project

Simple React project that covers handeling user input with Forms and Events and making API Requests with React. Enter any word in the search filed and Youtube API will return 5 videos link to the entered keyword.

## Step to run Youtube Videos project

1. `cd videos`
2. `npm install`
3. `yarn start`
4. `open browser with  http://localhost:3000/`
5. Don't forget to create youtube.js file in api folder and add your Youtube API key in it.

## Songs Project

Simple React and Redux project that using Redux to  display song title and duration on button click.

## Step to run Songs project

1. `cd songs`
2. `npm install`
3. `yarn start`
4. `open browser with  http://localhost:3000/`
